The Joe Rogan experience, but the problem is,
is no balance because it's almost all the stuff that they're angry about because
that's what they want to text and tweet and Facebook about.
And very little of the stuff like what's the ratio of like really cool stories
like that make you feel good to like another horror in the news.
What's the ratio at 90 something to 1 97 to one, there's a new one.
There's a cloud of dust. That's coming from Africa across the ocean.
It's going to write this out. Really. This year was like the devil scripted.
This year. What is it? What is this still dust? I don't know, man. No.
Dust could fly that far. All the way across the ocean in that crazy.
Where is it right now? Like now this is something I got to con five or some.
What happens? It.
Just storm. I don't.
Know. I just read it. I was like, oh my God. And they said,
Yellowstone's ready to blow.
That scares me the most.
The most, the most we're pretending we're over here pretending that this,
this is all permanent and happens a few times a year.
Oh, does it really fairly common, but what is it? Oh.
What does it do? Oh, this is this blown out of proportion for the news.
I think just the headline sounds crazy. Headline sounds terrible.
The one I found says it's a silver lining,
so it's actually kind of maybe a good thing. Signifies a dry,
very dry layer in the atmosphere and hurricanes. Don't like dry air.
So protecting protected church. Oh well that's good. Okay. Oh,
see we jumped the gun. Oh.
That sounds great. That was a great story.
How about that? How about hurricanes? How about the fact that every year,
the sky becomes a monster and eats people.
Throws cars through the air and. Yeah. Every year it happens and it's getting,
it's getting worse. Right. And the fires are getting worse. Right?
They say that.
And it makes sense that it's getting worse.
And this is not an excuse for like the carbon emissions.
This makes it sound way worse. What is it? Oh my God.
Enormous cloud of dust for Africa. Sahara appears to be heading for Texas,
Louisiana and Florida. It's like, it's a missile.
Show. A dust storm, like taken over a city.
Oh my God. Is that really what it was like? I don't think so. I mean,
that's not what the other article. I just read. Show that video though.
What does it say?
Massive dust storm turns the sky red and Sinise capital
somewhere way far. Oh my God, man.
Look at that. I was in mission possible four, I think. Was it? Yeah,
he was on like that sky ride.
He got caught in. The dust was coming. Yeah.
Imagine living there and seeing that common. You're like, oh my God,
I'm going to be breathing dirt for the next hour. Like how long does it last?
How long has the dust storm last to imagine living there, man,
you got to go to the grocery store and you're literally walking through a dust
storm. So you dressed like one of them dudes from the Lord of the rings, right?
Right. Just scratched across your face. Like no, the, the guys in star wars,
what are they called? The, the,
the ones who lived like in the dirt and then the sand people, sand people. Yeah.
I don't, I think that was the name.
There's a little while it had been a little ones. Yeah.
There was a bunch of them. Those were the, uh. But those same people. No,
you walked.
But who were the sand people? Yeah. Maybe that's it. Yeah.
I think that's it.
They're called [inaudible]. They're called Jawa. Yeah. Sounds right.
I'm going to go with Chihuahua. I believe.
You should do a whole podcast of things. We kind of know that.
We're already doing it. I don't, I don't think man. I mean, look,
there's no way that's the weather just stays the same. It doesn't stay the same.
It's never stated.
But we have to listen to climatologists a hundred percent. Yeah.
A hundred percent sure. I dunno why it drives me nuts, but I, but.
This is my point of view. Liga, legitimately, we have a bigger concern.
One of the bigger concerns is we're not prepared. If anything goes sideways.
And that's what we're finding from this COVID thing.
We're not really prepared if things go sideways. Yeah. And, uh,
we definitely should be protecting against the human impact on the
climate change. It's real. We really have up the earth.
How ever, even if we didn't it up, this,
this place is so unstable. Even if it wasn't us,
the asteroids, the hurricanes that just exist and have always existed.
Earthquakes. We just,
we just don't live long enough to see enough of these to be scared of them
because our lives are so short and the life of the earth is so long
that these, all these tectonic plates, like when we go to a mountain, like, wow,
that's really pretty. Look what happened. It's.
Alive. But things move it right now. This vault lava, if.
You sell like 10,000 years of second, you would just see the whole earth.
Oceans come in and out. And it's constantly doing that. It's always done that.
We definitely should stop up the world that we're living in the
world that we exist in. But even.
If we didn't, this is so dangerous. This whole place is covered with the.
Predators. We are just super lucky. We killed.
Most of them often boxed ourselves away. And some people forgot,
except for those people. We've got to figure.
Out that Astro. We're not looking at enough for the sky.
And they were looking at 3%.
Dude. Then you get different answers from different folks.
When you ask them how long it would take before they could deflect something,
I'll forget. Well, I think Neil deGrasse, Tyson, what does he say? 10 years.
Do you remember?
You gotta do, like, you got to figure out how you're going to do it. Um, Jesus.
Three weeks, bro. That it's too big. There's nothing you can do. I mean,
if it's too big, there's nothing you can do.
But I don't know. We could get a, just you have one week to live.
Just could come on the news today. We just saw this asteroid.
They said the Mayan calendar is supposed to technically end next week. Oh,
Jesus.
Always comes up though. And it's never anything.
You know what shocks me is when you have at the leader of a cult and they have
dooms day and the date and the time they all go outside and they sing and it
doesn't happen. And then that guy convinces them to stay and he goes, no,
it's a different day. And they all just.
It was a guy who was taking out billboards.
There was a billboard in Woodland Hills on Ventura Boulevard and it had this
billboard and he had a bunch of them all over the place.
But they had this billboard that showed the very day,
the earth was going to end. Like it was like, it had a date on it.
Do you remember it? I told him, I thought,
I want to say it was like somewhere around April or may not.
Scientists says reading mine, calendar predicts end of the world this week,
the 21st. Oh, okay. Whatever in New York post.
The post is trolling. You son. I like that.
We listened to people who just like put leeches on people that care.
According to the sun, actually.
You know what, man, they, they did have a weird culture.
The Mayans had a weird culture. It was it's really.
I don't know much about it. I know the temple and they, they didn't,
they kill virgins.
I don't think they killed. Who knows. This is great.
I don't know about this topic. I don't.
Know if they really know what exact people they killed.
They killed a lot of people,
but what's really interesting is how beautiful their structures were.
Like these amazing structures.
I thought one of their pyramid, like those big steps,
I thought one of them was for murder for their crops.
Dave, Dave speculated that there was certain platforms that they would do, uh,
sacrifices on the Aztecs.
Did I think the most sacrifices in one day and or it was like a
couple of days. They, they killed somewhere around. I want to say,
I want, I want to say more than 80,000 people.
They sacrificed when they, yeah. When they completed this,
uh, one of the temples.
How do you bury them? They just killed them one after another,
that takes a lot.
Of the victims of human sacrifice by Mexico's ancient Mayans who threw children
into Waterfield. Caverns were likely boys and young men,
not Virgin girls was previously believed. So wow.
They would human sacrifice by throwing children into Waterfield,
caverns kids. You imagine that though, like you,
you, you believe in superstitions so much.
You want to drown a kid so that, so that the crops come back.
That's a sign. You people feeling out of control.
They don't know the answers to something they can't figure out. And then.
But how crazy did the people in almost all religions,
especially the ancient ones, they,
they lean towards these really ridiculous things like that.
Whose sacrifice first brings that.
Up. But what if we do this killer kids? Yeah.
So make a sacrifice like Cain and Abel, right?
And if your God wanted that, your God wanted you to kill your children.
That's a horrible God that you're.
Or how about your God tells you to kill somebody when you're about to, he says,
no, stop. I was just testing. That's a up story.
I mean, that is people.
Don't tackle. That's a normal story.
That's the God that makes the universe, told you to murder somebody.
And since you said, yes, you did the right thing by saying yes,
because you have to trust God.
Even if God tells you something that you can't imagine.
It's real. Even if you write down your gut is wrong to murder your kid, you.
Have to murder your kid. Cause God's telling you to,
and you were about telling you like, okay, good. I was just checking.
Bro. I like you now. Bully.
Oh Metzker is actually a religious genius. Yeah.
He knows a lot about religion. And he was explaining to me the story of, uh,
he gave me a much better understanding of the story, uh,
where I think his name is Alicia.
These kids were yelling at him and they called him bald head. Who's a bald guy.
And so, uh, he asked God to sick. Uh,
she bear on the kids and it killed like 40 kids.
She there this, I wish.
I could remember exactly what, uh, what, Metzker, how he explained it to me.
But it was the,
the insult was much worse than just calling him bald head. You just have to,
you have to put it into perspective with the time,
like the way he was saying it to him was much worse than we would imagine.
The term would be. We're we're looking at it in terms of modern language,
but it might still, the guy said, God sicked a bear on these kids.
I think master was saying that it might ma might've meant that the actually we
were trying to kill the man. Yeah. From there,
Elijah went to Bethel as he was walking along the road.
Some boys came out of the town and jaded him. Get out here, Baldy. They said,
get out of here. Baldy. He turned around to look to the, okay, the curse, this,
this, I think that's a real weird translation.
I don't think that's the best translation.
The way I've heard it before is not written exactly that way.
They have more than one translation.
Tons of translation.
He turned around, looked at them and called down a curse on them.
In the name of the Lord.
The two bears came out of the woods and mauled 42 of the boys.
I got a bear story. It seemed when I heard it before God maybe I'm wrong.
But if it felt like it was, um, in the ancient way of saying it,
and that was what Metzker explained to me. See if there's a final,
I got another, there's another,
there's another way of putting the words together. That Metsker was saying, no,
they were going to kill it. This is.
A version that has like tons of translations of it. Holy.
So there's lots of versions.
Unless they were trying to kill the guy. Maybe we're looking at it wrong.
And they were actually trying to kill the guy.
And I think that's one of the things that Metsker was trying to say,
like they were threatening violence to the guy sent a bear since I think two
bears. Didn't say two bear. Yeah.
This is two female bears too. She bears.
Dude. I was.
Called due to Baldy and he's six bears. Yeah.
[Inaudible].